OSDOCS-16939: DITA split-modules — olm packaging format (#115280)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-bundle-format-manifests.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/understanding/olm-packaging-format.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: CONCEPT
[id="olm-bundle-format-manifests_{context}"]
= Manifests

[role="_abstract"]

> Bundle manifests are Kubernetes objects in an Operator bundle that define the deployment and RBAC model for an Operator in {product-title}. A bundle includes one CSV and typically the CRDs for APIs owned by that CSV in its `/manifests` directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundle manifests are Kubernetes objects in an Operator bundle that define the deployment and role based access control (RBAC) model for an Operator. A bundle includes one cluster service version (CSV) and typically the custom resource definitions (CRDs) for APIs owned by that CSV in its `/manifests` directory.
```
